Edits github-only files (#6405)
ldtteam/minecolonies: README.md

2. Execute `gradlew build`. This first sets up Forge and downloads the necessary libraries to build MineColonies. Be patient, as this may take a while.
    * If you did everything right, `BUILD SUCCESSFUL` will be displayed after it finishes.
    * If you see `BUILD FAILED`, check the error output (it should be right around `BUILD FAILED`), fix everything (if possible), and try again.
3. Go to `basefolder\MineColonies\build\libs`.
    * You should see a `.jar` file named `MineColonies-universal-null.jar`.
4. Copy the jar into your Minecraft `mods` folder and you are done! (`~/.minecraft/mods` on Linux)
5. Alternatively, you can also run `./gradlew runClient` to start Minecraft with this jar.

#### Compile MineColonies (Intellij)
1. Right-click the `build.gradle` file (or the background of the folder it's in) and select `Open Folder as Intellij Project`.
2. Select `Auto Import` and make sure a valid Gradle and JVM are selected.

![](https://i.imgur.com/ewccjDZ.png)

3. This will prepare some of the libraries used by Forge.
4. Click `View → Tool Windows → Gradle`
5. In the Gradle view, expand the options to `Tasks → fg_runs`.

> ![](https://i.imgur.com/34H45Tb.png)

Reviewer: This image is out of date (while you're here...!)

Author: I haven't actually gotten far enough into setup (😳) to have a ready replacement, but I can take a stab at it tmw

Reviewer: Oh just remove it was all I meant. It doesn't require a screenshot anyway imo.

Author: Ah ok

6. Click the small refresh symbol in the upper left of the Gradle view. This sets up Forge and downloads the necessary libraries to build MineColonies. 
7. Execute `genIntellijRuns` and restart intellij.

> 8. You will see a Minecraft Client and Server startup configuration in the top right, next to the green "start" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. You will see a runClient and runServer startup configuration in the dropdown at the top right, next to the green "run" button. Select one and press "run".
```

Now step 9 in the line below (145) and the image below it can be safely deleted. You do not need to set a username when testing.

Reviewer: This still isn't quite resolved. They're the actual button names in my suggestion.
